# MARTIAN Telco_9 (24/04/2020)

## Partecipants    
- **UNIBO**
  - A. Vanelli-Coralli
  - A. Guidotti
  - M. Conti
  - C. Amatetti
- **DLR**
  - Sandro Scalise
  - Tomaso De Cola
  - Andrea Munari 
- **I2Cat**
  - Pouria Khodashensa
- **VTT**
  - Mika Lasanen
  - Marko Hoyhtya
- **Gilat**
  - Avi Gal
- **JOR**
  - Michael Schmidt
- **CTTC**
  - Musbah Shaat
- **TAS**
  - Remi Challamel
- **Martel**
  - M.C. Campodonico
- **Sateliot**
  - Marco Guadalupi
  - Ramon Ferrus
- **Inmarsat**
  - Mihaly Varga
- **Fairspectrum**
  - Heikki Kokkinen
- **ASOCS**
  - Doron Solomon
- **Telefonica**
  - Luis Miguel Contreras Murillo
  - Rafael Canto Palancar
  - Eduardo Yusta Padilla

***
## Minutes
- **Ramon Ferrus:**
  - In the proposal the text under the 1st challenge was moved such to make **coverage extension** as one of the pillars of the project (main goals).
  - Add elements to this challenge, further elaboration; rethink coverage extension adding other elements (seamless experience...)
  - provide a comprehensive analysis for each focus area
    - technology gap
    - requirements 
    - such to provide an analysis for future proof system
  - about WP7
    - not to demonstrate specific work cases
    - demonstrate specific technologies which fit well in one or several of the use cases
    - but it's not necessary to demonstrate everything, just take a set of demonstration cases
  
### WP2
**Mihaly Varga**
- about WP2: 1 and 2 focus area seem to be technology enabler so we need to use those as enablers for the rest of focus areas

**Avi Gal**
- Focus on further/overall requirements to access anywhere/anytime... \
    take into account service providing...

### WP3
**Remi Challamel**
- could be interesting to define what we call NTN, in order to have the right understanding what components fall under this umbrella.

**Doron Solomon**
- if Martian can address Industry 4.0 it would be of great interest. \
    This should be part of the use cases. \
    This use case fall in mMTC scenario.
- **Pouria Khodashensa:** think it's an added value. There are factories pushing for this concept. Probably pushing to be provider of their own private networks (**neutral hosting**)
- **ASOCS:** favorable too for neutral hosting

### WP5
**Marko Hoyhtya**
- T5.3: should we cover this specific task separately as it is?
  - **Doron Solomon:** can T5.3 can be combined with T5.4?
  - **Pouria Khodashensa:** it makes sense to have a separate task only if we have specific actions/demonstration to accomplish, otherwise it makes sense to merge it with T5.3 (**Marko Hoyhtya** agree)

### WP7
**Ramon Ferrus**
- Try to identify what are the demonstrations that can be included in WP7 (for all the partners). Then define a more complete description for WP7

***

### Final Remarks
- Better division of enablers and verticals is needed

***

### Next Telco
- WP leaders: Provide objectives and KPIs for 
- all partners: provide SOA and progress beyond SOA 
- Vanelli will circulate a table with WP and tasks, partners must fill it with men/project. By 29th april to an estimate of the overall budget (< 7M €).